[Autogenerated] congratulations for reaching the final module off discourse.
And what better way to end it On a discussion about
testing the data access layer?
We're going to start by looking at integration
testing from a general perspective.
Then we're going to learn how to create mongo
integration tests in spring applications,
and we'll wrap it up the demo, which would implement what you have learned.
Let's start with the beginning.
I think you're all familiar with the testing pyramid at the base.
We have unit tests.
We should write as many units as possible because they're fast, Is it right?
And cheap?
Integration tests are more complicated to set up,
but they provide a lot of value off course.
We'll have less integration tests.
The uterus last Panelist at the very top we have enter in testing,
more distinct, the data access layer.
In spring, applications will focus on integration tests.
Integration Testing is the type of testing where individual pieces off softer,
are combined and executed as a group.
That makes sense, but you might be wondering,
Why would I ever want to test the data axes?
They're after all, we have marking framers for that, right?
You can certainly use Mark's replace the component that handle data persistence.
But I think there's a lot of value in testing the day
taxes there in spring applications.
First of all, data is at the core off most enterprise softer applications,
so it pays off to test those components that are dealing with data.
Then you might want to make sure that your application
gracefully handles each cases or exceptions,
and as banal ease,
it's pretty easy to perform data access their integration testing in spring,
so you have really no excuse for not doing it.
Let's look at the anatomy off on integration test for the day taxes there.
First of all, you create the test.
Then it was set up the data in your database.
You can then execute a test, which usually involves that of this operation us.
So the result And last but not least, you empty the database,
and this process goes on and on for every test.
That right, it's very, very important to set up the data,
basing every test and clear the database after each test
because this should be predictable.
If the data in your database is volatile, your tests will be Flack E.
If you're using the same database and not resetting,
get total initial state after each test execution so that
operations performed in one tests are going to interfere
with the assertions in other tests.
This is certainly not something that you want.
So make sure that every test starts from a Britney, well known state.
All right, do we have to test every piece of code that caused the database?
I'm glad you asked.
Let's look at an example.
We have an airport service class on the left on the
Nerpa repository on the right.
The airport service has this piece of code where it retrieves all the
airports using the Mongol template vandal method.
Now it would make no sense to create a dedicated
integration test for airport service.
After all, you're just calling the final method on the Mongo template.
And I'm pretty sure the guy's creating the spring
framework have tested that method intensively.
If you look at the airport depository,
you see that we have this method called by country,
and we have the operation defined using at quarry annotation.
The earthquake annotation receives the actual Mongo query as a non argument.
The situation is quite different.
Country, for example, is a property off the airport document.
But if you misspell it or if he changes,
then these method will not work as expected.
So you should definitely test methods like this because they're prone to errors.
Now let's generalize what you should test should always test complex queries.
Watch out for strings,
complex criteria and projections will also test object to document map ings,
especially if you create custom monger map pigs in your application.
And last journalist should also test lifecycle events.
If he employment.
That's getting, for example,
it's a good practice to test that when you save the parent document, the chair documents also get saved.